alright guys welcome back for my next e
looks like we're gonna have a novel
rematches in triple agent Goldberg
troopers won the first match at what's
going on here ah what's your beef man
what is your beef there's the bell and
you can feel that electric saw Becky's
angry after losing that first match at
main event a short kick he does it there
we go man sto man gonna destroy this
evolution leader right here squeezy
solberg hello got my starter huge power
huh nasally freakin announced when I
moves cold air bed to belly open the
night next when they start announcing
the moves correctly not just Saints
houses are also move devastating you've
got announced a move you light announce
the move specifically the name of it if
it does it could lose momentum or even
worse get an injury that suplex was
picture perfect picture perfect huh here
we go what can I take
what diabolical things are going through
that mind hate sabeti when you get into
like this you want to throw everything
at your opponent and that could be what
we're seeing here
well hot damn straight they have to
realize he's also reverse sto
WWE magazine out this month and you'll
find some interesting articles in there
about all the superstars here in the WWE
welcome it baby
and there's the reversal damn man
reverse fest
present shown by the game and that punch
lands hard and there's oh yeah what
strength here we go again I'm up over
his head Oh get yourself that was pretty
good because you can rotate it while
it's in in the maneuver competitors
Greeks there's a buzz right supe that
takes a lot of stuff to do in your life
too I don't see main pool do that what
do you think the game strategy needs to
be here again oh no gee incredible
counter not yet there we go Oh get up
kichler ass up 19 spgs to keep their
wits about them he's gonna kick him in
his spine that's what what it'll come
back don't get angry at me son Oh
ready ready to reach oh no he's still
that's a fight left oh yes i reversed
that
we didn't get to him seen was near the
ropes anyway o con he's getting his
Oswald's man Josh down
Oh
dangerous
damn right he was but he did
cross of suplex this code for a man
devastate god bless guaymas quitter
suplex spymaster he's waiting for it
he's gone in his ass down
oh he's so done Oh what
yeah my face game
trap maneuver oh my god
what a sphere
wow man I just made him to like lift
them up and do what choice does sticking
with a stomach and then go for a
jackhammer but I've got you could do
that too right that's awesome man I live
oh my god moment oh my god finishes
here we go
bam bam
I didn't show the spam in again then why
don't I show that stuff that should
always show that
even when he was hurt by Bret Hart the
beginning he's still just one fair I
didn't win that how did it happen man
with our disadvantage
it's what I seen Goldberg in the next
eel any small shows he's too big for
this when it's too good for this what
the hell is Michael Cole and it's even
evolution member man with him he's down
and out he's the leader
alright guys hope you guys enjoyed that
I'll see you guys next time for the main
event which i believe is Hollywood Hogan
versus Cody Rhodes spanks watching guys
peace